Transformer-based architectures have become competitive across a variety of visual domains, most notably images and videos. While prior work studies these modalities in isolation, having a common architecture suggests that one can train a single unified model for multiple visual modalities. Prior attempts at unified modeling typically use architectures tailored for vision tasks, or obtain worse performance compared to single modality models. In this work, we show that masked autoencoding can be used to train a simple Vision Transformer on images and videos, without requiring any labeled data. This single model learns visual representations that are comparable to or better than single-modality representations on both image and video benchmarks, while using a much simpler architecture. Furthermore, this model can be learned by dropping 90% of the image and 95% of the video patches, enabling extremely fast training of huge model architectures. In particular, we show that our single ViT-Huge model can be finetuned to achieve 86.6% on ImageNet and 75.5% on the challenging Something Something-v2 video benchmark, setting a new state-of-the-art.tRecognizing scenes and objects in 3D from a single image is a longstanding goal of computer vision with applications in robotics and AR/VR. For 2D recognition, large datasets and scalable solutions have led to unprecedented advances. In 3D, existing benchmarks are small in size and approaches specialize in few object categories and specific domains, e.g. urban driving scenes. Motivated by the success of 2D recognition, we revisit the task of 3D object detection by introducing a large benchmark, called Omni3D. Omni3D re-purposes and combines existing datasets resulting in 234k images annotated with more than 3 million instances and 98 categories. 3D detection at such scale is challenging due to variations in camera intrinsics and the rich diversity of scene and object types. We propose a model, called Cube R-CNN, designed to generalize across camera and scene types with a unified approach. We show that Cube R-CNN outperforms prior works on the larger Omni3D and existing benchmarks. Finally, we prove that Omni3D is a powerful dataset for 3D object recognition and show that it improves single-dataset performance and can accelerate learning on new smaller datasets via pre-training.